- [Frank] Hi, my name is Frank Moley.
I am a software developer and architect
who has spent many years of my career
working with the Spring Framework.
I have been involved in many open-source software projects
and very few, in my opinion, work as well
as the maintainers of the Spring Framework.
Working with open-source software is one
of the most exciting aspects of being a software developer.
Every single day, I get to work with some
of the brightest software engineers in the industry.
I get to work with the software that they write
and contribute back to their projects as a peer.
What really gets cool
is when the open-source project maintainers
listen to the feedback of their users and collaborators
and respond by making their projects even better.
Come join me in my LinkedIn Learning course
on the latest features of the Spring 5 Framework
and Spring Boot 2.0 and see why I believe Spring
continues to be the best framework available
for the Java developer today.